Dear Spark Learner, Thanks so much for attending the Spark Summit 2014!  Check out videos of talks from the summit at ...
Hi Mom, Apologies for being late about emailing and forgetting to send you the package.  I hope you and bro have been ...
Wow, hey Fred, just heard about the Spark petabyte sort.  I think we need to take time to try it out immediately ...
Hi Spark user list, This is my first question to this list, so thanks in advance for your help!  I tried running ...
Thanks Tom for your email.  I need to refer you to Alice for this one.  I haven't yet figured out that part either ...
Good job yesterday!  I was attending your talk, and really enjoyed it.  I want to try out GraphX ...
Summit demo got whoops from audience!  Had to let you know. --Joe
Go until jurong point, crazy.. Available only in bugis n great world la e buffet... Cine there got amore wat...
Ok lar... Joking wif u oni...
U dun say so early hor... U c already then say...
Nah I don't think he goes to usf, he lives around here though
Even my brother is not like to speak with me. They treat me like aids patent.
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
I'm gonna be home soon and i don't want to talk about this stuff anymore tonight, k? I've cried enough today.
I've been searching for the right words to thank you for this breather. I promise i wont take your help for granted and will fulfil my promise. You have been wonderful and a blessing at all times.
I HAVE A DATE ON SUNDAY WITH WILL!!
Oh k...i'm watching here:)
Eh u remember how 2 spell his name... Yes i did. He v naughty make until i v wet.
Fine if thatåÕs the way u feel. ThatåÕs the way its gota b
Is that seriously how you spell his name?
I‰Û÷m going to try for 2 months ha ha only joking
So Ì_ pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
Aft i finish my lunch then i go str down lor. Ard 3 smth lor. U finish ur lunch already?
Ffffffffff. Alright no way I can meet up with you sooner?
Just forced myself to eat a slice. I'm really not hungry tho. This sucks. Mark is getting worried. He knows I'm sick when I turn down pizza. Lol
Lol your always so convincing.
Did you catch the bus ? Are you frying an egg ? Did you make a tea? Are you eating your mom's left over dinner ? Do you feel my Love ?
I'm back &amp; we're packing the car now, I'll let you know if there's room
Ahhh. Work. I vaguely remember that! What does it feel like? Lol
Wait that's still not all that clear, were you not sure about me being sarcastic or that that's why x doesn't want to live with us
Yeah he got in at 2 and was v apologetic. n had fallen out and she was actin like spoilt child and he got caught up in that. Till 2! But we won't go there! Not doing too badly cheers. You? 
K tell me anything about you.
For fear of fainting with the of all that housework you just did? Quick have a cuppa
Yup... Ok i go home look at the timings then i msg Ì_ again... Xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
Oops, I'll let you know when my roommate's done
I see the letter B on my car
Anything lor... U decide...
Hello! How's you and how did saturday go? I was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. Not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
Pls go ahead with watts. I just wanted to be sure. Do have a great weekend. Abiola
Did I forget to tell you ? I want you , I need you, I crave you ... But most of all ... I love you my sweet Arabian steed ... Mmmmmm ... Yummy
WHO ARE YOU SEEING?
Great! I hope you like your man well endowed. I am  &lt;#&gt;  inches...
No calls..messages..missed calls
Didn't you get hep b immunisation in nigeria.
Fair enough, anything going on?
Yeah hopefully, if tyler can't do it I could maybe ask around a bit
U don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers.
What you thinked about me. First time you saw me in class.
A gram usually runs like  &lt;#&gt; , a half eighth is smarter though and gets you almost a whole second gram for  &lt;#&gt;
K fyi x has a ride early tomorrow morning but he's crashing at our place tonight
Wow. I never realized that you were so embarassed by your accomodations. I thought you liked it, since i was doing the best i could and you always seemed so happy about \the cave\". I'm sorry I didn't and don't have more to give. I'm sorry i offered. I'm sorry your room was so embarassing."
Do you know what Mallika Sherawat did yesterday? Find out now @  &lt;URL&gt;
Sorry, I'll call later in meeting.
Tell where you reached
Yes..gauti and sehwag out of odi series.
Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
Ha ha ha good joke. Girls are situation seekers.
Its a part of checking IQ
Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?
Ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short. He said will cut until i look nice.
Today is \song dedicated day..\" Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me..."
I plane to give on this month end.
Wah lucky man... Then can save money... Hee...
Finished class where are you.
HI BABE IM AT HOME NOW WANNA DO SOMETHING? XX
K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
U can call me now...
I am waiting machan. Call me once you free.
Thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
Does not operate after  &lt;#&gt;  or what
Its not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do Ta's earn there.
Sorry, I'll call later
K. Did you call me just now ah? 
Ok i am on the way to home hi hi
You will be in the place of that man
Yup next stop.
I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
I'm really not up to it still tonight babe
Ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free..
Yeah do! Don‰Û÷t stand to close tho- you‰Û÷ll catch something!
Sorry to be a pain. Is it ok if we meet another night? I spent late afternoon in casualty and that means i haven't done any of y stuff42moro and that includes all my time sheets and that. Sorry. 
Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
Havent planning to buy later. I check already lido only got 530 show in e afternoon. U finish work already?
Watching telugu movie..wat abt u?
i see. When we finish we have loads of loans to pay
"Hi. Wk been ok - on hols now! Yes on for a bit of a run. Forgot that i have hairdressers appointment at four so need to get home n shower beforehand. Does that cause prob for u?\""
ham"""
Please don't text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.
Okay name ur price as long as its legal! Wen can I pick them up? Y u ave x ams xx
I'm still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone 4the driving test yet.
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
wow. You're right! I didn't mean to do that. I guess once i gave up on boston men and changed my search location to nyc, something changed. Cuz on my signin page it still says boston.
Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
Aight, I'll hit you up when I get some cash
How would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
Dont worry. I guess he's busy.
What is the plural of the noun research?
Going for dinner.msg you after.
I'm ok wif it cos i like 2 try new things. But i scared u dun like mah. Cos u said not too loud.
Wa, ur openin sentence very formal... Anyway, i'm fine too, juz tt i'm eatin too much n puttin on weight...Haha... So anythin special happened?
As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
Goodo! Yes we must speak friday - egg-potato ratio for tortilla needed! 
Hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. So pls buy food.
here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at 12 
ÌÏ predict wat time Ì_'ll finish buying?
Good stuff, will do.
Just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise.
Are you there in room.
HEY GIRL. HOW R U? HOPE U R WELL ME AN DEL R BAK! AGAIN LONG TIME NO C! GIVE ME A CALL SUM TIME FROM LUCYxx
K..k:)how much does it cost?
I'm home.
Dear, will call Tmorrow.pls accomodate.
First answer my question.
I only haf msn. It's yijue@hotmail.com
He is there. You call and meet him
No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
Got c... I lazy to type... I forgot Ì_ in lect... I saw a pouch but like not v nice...
K, text me when you're on the way
Sir, Waiting for your mail.
A swt thought: \Nver get tired of doing little things 4 lovable persons..\" Coz..somtimes those little things occupy d biggest part in their Hearts.. Gud ni8"
I know you are. Can you pls open the back?
Yes see ya not on the dot
Whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.
K..i deleted my contact that why?
Sindu got job in birla soft ..
The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
Yup i thk cine is better cos no need 2 go down 2 plaza mah.
Ok... Ur typical reply...
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
You are everywhere dirt, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.
Aaooooright are you at work?
I'm leaving my house now...
Hello, my love. What are you doing? Did you get to that interview today? Are you you happy? Are you being a good boy? Do you think of me?Are you missing me ?
Keep yourself safe for me because I need you and I miss you already and I envy everyone that see's you in real life
New car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)
I'm so in love with you. I'm excited each day i spend with you. You make me so happy.
I place all ur points on e cultures module already.
Hi frnd, which is best way to avoid missunderstding wit our beloved one's?
Great escape. I fancy the bridge but needs her lager. See you tomo 
Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
Sir, I need AXIS BANK account no and bank address.
Hmmm.. Thk sure got time to hop ard... Ya, can go 4 free abt... Muz call u to discuss liao... 
What time you coming down later? 
Bloody hell, cant believe you forgot my surname Mr . Ill give u a clue, its spanish and begins with m... 
Well, i'm gonna finish my bath now. Have a good...fine night.
Let me know when you've got the money so carlos can make the call
U still going to the mall?
Turns out my friends are staying for the whole show and won't be back til ~ &lt;#&gt; , so feel free to go ahead and smoke that $ &lt;#&gt;  worth
Text her. If she doesnt reply let me know so i can have her log in
Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
You lifted my hopes with the offer of money. I am in need. Especially when the end of the month approaches and it hurts my studying. Anyways have a gr8 weekend
Lol no. U can trust me.
ok. I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
He will, you guys close?
Going on nothing great.bye
Hello handsome ! Are you finding that job ? Not being lazy ? Working towards getting back that net for mummy ? Where's my boytoy now ? Does he miss me ?
Haha awesome, be there in a minute
Have you got Xmas radio times. If not i will get it now
I jus reached home. I go bathe first. But my sis using net tell u when she finishes k...
I'm sorry. I've joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. You mean a great deal to me. You have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. Do have a great week.|
Hi :)finally i completed the course:)
It will stop on itself. I however suggest she stays with someone that will be able to give ors for every stool.
How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
Did u got that persons story
is your hamster dead? Hey so tmr i meet you at 1pm orchard mrt? 
Hi its Kate how is your evening? I hope i can see you tomorrow for a bit but i have to bloody babyjontet! Txt back if u can. :) xxx
Found it, ENC  &lt;#&gt; , where you at?
I sent you  &lt;#&gt;  bucks
Hello darlin ive finished college now so txt me when u finish if u can love Kate xxx
Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your Transaction ID is KR &lt;#&gt; .
Goodmorning sleeping ga.
U call me alter at 11 ok.
ÌÏ say until like dat i dun buy ericsson oso cannot oredi lar...
As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
Aight yo, dats straight dogg
You please give us connection today itself before  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  or refund the bill
Both :) i shoot big loads so get ready!
What's up bruv, hope you had a great break. Do have a rewarding semester.
Home so we can always chat
K:)k:)good:)study well.
Yup... How Ì_ noe leh...
Sounds great! Are you home now?
Finally the match heading towards draw as your prediction.
Tired. I haven't slept well the past few nights.
Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
I have to take exam with march 3
Yeah you should. I think you can use your gt atm now to register. Not sure but if there's anyway i can help let me know. But when you do be sure you are ready.
Ok no prob. Take ur time.
There is os called ubandu which will run without installing in hard disk...you can use that os to copy the important files in system and give it to repair shop..
Sorry, I'll call later
U say leh... Of course nothing happen lar. Not say v romantic jus a bit only lor. I thk e nite scenery not so nice leh.
Would really appreciate if you call me. Just need someone to talk to.
Hey company elama po mudyadhu.
Life is more strict than teacher... Bcoz Teacher teaches lesson &amp; then conducts exam, But Life first conducts Exam &amp; then teaches Lessons. Happy morning. . .
Dear good morning now only i am up
Get down in gandhipuram and walk to cross cut road. Right side &lt;#&gt; street road and turn at first right.
Dear we are going to our rubber place
Sorry battery died, yeah I'm here
Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
I have printed it oh. So  &lt;#&gt;  come upstairs
Or ill be a little closer like at the bus stop on the same street
Where are you?when wil you reach here?
New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
Tomarrow final hearing on my laptop case so i cant.
PLEASSSSSSSEEEEEE TEL ME V AVENT DONE SPORTSx
Okay. No no, just shining on. That was meant to be signing, but that sounds better.
Although i told u dat i'm into baig face watches now but i really like e watch u gave cos it's fr u. Thanx 4 everything dat u've done today, i'm touched...
U don't remember that old commercial?
Too late. I said i have the website. I didn't i have or dont have the slippers
I asked you to call him now ok
Kallis wont bat in 2nd innings.
It didnt work again oh. Ok goodnight then. I.ll fix and have it ready by the time you wake up. You are very dearly missed have a good night sleep.
Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
What you doing?how are you?
Ups which is 3days also, and the shipping company that takes 2wks. The other way is usps which takes a week but when it gets to lag you may have to bribe nipost to get your stuff.
I'm back, lemme know when you're ready
Don't necessarily expect it to be done before you get back though because I'm just now headin out
Mmm so yummy babe ... Nice jolt to the suzy
Where are you lover ? I need you ...
I‰Û÷m parked next to a MINI!!!! When are you coming in today do you think?
Yup
Anyway i'm going shopping on my own now. Cos my sis not done yet. Dun disturb u liao.
MY NO. IN LUTON 0125698789 RING ME IF UR AROUND! H*
Why you Dint come with us.
Same. Wana plan a trip sometme then
Not sure yet, still trying to get a hold of him
The evo. I just had to download flash. Jealous?
Come to mu, we're sorting out our narcotics situation
Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay.
Usf I guess, might as well take 1 car
No objection. My bf not coming.
Thanx...
Tell rob to mack his gf in the theater
Awesome, I'll see you in a bit
Just sent it. So what type of food do you like?
All done? All handed in? Celebrations in full swing yet?
You got called a tool?
\Wen u miss someone
Ok. I asked for money how far
Okie...
Yeah I think my usual guy's still passed out from last night, if you get ahold of anybody let me know and I'll throw down
K, I might come by tonight then if my class lets out early
Ok..
hi baby im cruisin with my girl friend what r u up 2? give me a call in and hour at home if thats alright or fone me on this fone now love jenny xxx
My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World:-).. Ge:-)..
Dear,shall mail tonite.busy in the street,shall update you tonite.things are looking ok.varunnathu edukkukayee raksha ollu.but a good one in real sense.
Hey you told your name to gautham ah?
Haf u found him? I feel so stupid da v cam was working.
Oops. 4 got that bit.
Are you this much buzy
I accidentally deleted the message. Resend please.
Unless it's a situation where YOU GO GURL would be more appropriate
Hurt me... Tease me... Make me cry... But in the end of my life when i die plz keep one rose on my grave and say STUPID I MISS U.. HAVE A NICE DAY BSLVYL
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Need a coffee run tomo?Can't believe it's that time of week already
Awesome, I remember the last time we got somebody high for the first time with diesel :V
Shit that is really shocking and scary, cant imagine for a second. Def up for night out. Do u think there is somewhere i could crash for night, save on taxi?
Oh and by the way you do have more food in your fridge! Want to go out for a meal tonight? 
He is a womdarfull actor
Yup... From what i remb... I think should be can book... 
Jos ask if u wana meet up?
Lol yes. Our friendship is hanging on a thread cause u won't buy stuff.
Where are the garage keys? They aren't on the bookshelf
Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
He says he'll give me a call when his friend's got the money but that he's definitely buying before the end of the week
Hi the way I was with u 2day, is the normal way&this is the real me. UR unique&I hope I know u 4 the rest of mylife. Hope u find wot was lost.
You made my day. Do have a great day too.
K.k:)advance happy pongal.
Hmmm... Guess we can go 4 kb n power yoga... Haha, dunno we can tahan power yoga anot... Thk got lo oso, forgot liao...
Not really dude, have no friends i'm afraid :(
Coffee cake, i guess...
Merry Christmas to you too babe, i love ya *kisses*
Hey... Why dont we just go watch x men and have lunch... Haha 
cud u tell ppl im gona b a bit l8 cos 2 buses hav gon past cos they were full & im still waitin 4 1. Pete x
That would be great. We'll be at the Guild. Could meet on Bristol road or somewhere - will get in touch over weekend. Our plans take flight! Have a good week
No problem. How are you doing?
No calls..messages..missed calls
Hi da:)how is the todays class?
I'd say that's a good sign but, well, you know my track record at reading women
Cool, text me when you're parked
I'm reading the text i just sent you. Its meant to be a joke. So read it in that light
K.k:)apo k.good movie.
Maybe i could get book out tomo then return it immediately ..? Or something.
Any chance you might have had with me evaporated as soon as you violated my privacy by stealing my phone number from your employer's paperwork. Not cool at all. Please do not contact me again or I will report you to your supervisor.
Ta-Daaaaa! I am home babe, are you still up ?
Cool. So how come you havent been wined and dined before?
Just sleeping..and surfing
Sorry, I'll call later
U calling me right? Call my hand phone...
Ok that's great thanx a lot.
I take it the post has come then! You must have 1000s of texts now! Happy reading. My one from wiv hello caroline at the end is my favourite. Bless him
Where u been hiding stranger?
Am not interested to do like that.
My sister cleared two round in birla soft yesterday.
Gudnite....tc...practice going on
Dis is yijue. I jus saw ur mail. In case huiming havent sent u my num. Dis is my num.
One small prestige problem now.
Just checking in on you. Really do miss seeing Jeremiah. Do have a great month
Nah can't help you there, I've never had an iphone
If you're not in my car in an hour and a half I'm going apeshit
TODAY is Sorry day.! If ever i was angry with you, if ever i misbehaved or hurt you? plz plz JUST SLAP URSELF Bcoz, Its ur fault, I'm basically GOOD
Yo you guys ever figure out how much we need for alcohol? Jay and I are trying to figure out how much we can safely spend on weed
&lt;#&gt; ISH MINUTES WAS 5 MINUTES AGO. WTF.
Thank You for calling.Forgot to say Happy Onam to you Sirji.I am fine here and remembered you when i met an insurance person.Meet You in Qatar Insha Allah.Rakhesh, ex Tata AIG who joined TISSCO,Tayseer.
I'm an actor. When i work, i work in the evening and sleep late. Since i'm unemployed at the moment, i ALWAYS sleep late. When you're unemployed, every day is saturday.
Hello! Just got here, st andrews-boy its a long way! Its cold. I will keep you posted
Ha ha cool cool chikku chikku:-):-DB-)
Oh ok no prob..
Check audrey's status right now
Busy here. Trying to finish for new year. I am looking forward to finally meeting you...
Good afternoon sunshine! How dawns that day ? Are we refreshed and happy to be alive? Do we breathe in the air and smile ? I think of you, my love ... As always
Well i know Z will take care of me. So no worries.
Wat uniform? In where get?
Cool, text me when you're ready
Hello my boytoy ... Geeee I miss you already and I just woke up. I wish you were here in bed with me, cuddling me. I love you ...
I will spoil you in bed as well :)
I'm going for bath will msg you next  &lt;#&gt;  min..
I cant keep talking to people if am not sure i can pay them if they agree to price. So pls tell me what you want to really buy and how much you are willing to pay
Can you say what happen
You could have seen me..i did't recognise you Face.:)
Well there's not a lot of things happening in Lindsay on New years *sighs* Some bars in Ptbo and the blue heron has something going
Keep my payasam there if rinu brings
I taught that Ranjith sir called me. So only i sms like that. Becaus hes verifying about project. Prabu told today so only pa dont mistake me..
I guess that's why you re worried. You must know that there's a way the body repairs itself. And i'm quite sure you shouldn't worry. We'll take it slow. First the tests, they will guide when your ovulation is then just relax. Nothing you've said is a reason to worry but i.ll keep on followin you up.
Yeah sure, give me a couple minutes to track down my wallet
Hey leave it. not a big deal:-) take care.
Hey i will be late ah... Meet you at 945+
It took Mr owl 3 licks
Customer place i will call you.
Mm that time you dont like fun
Yup having my lunch buffet now.. U eat already?
Huh so late... Fr dinner?
Hey so this sat are we going for the intro pilates only? Or the kickboxing too? 
Morning only i can ok.
Yes i think so. I am in office but my lap is in room i think thats on for the last few days. I didnt shut that down
Pick you up bout 7.30ish? What time are  and that going?
From here after The performance award is calculated every two month.not for current one month period..
Was actually sleeping and still might when u call back. So a text is gr8. You rock sis. Will send u a text wen i wake.
You are always putting your business out there. You put pictures of your ass on facebook. You are one of the most open people i've ever met. Why would i think a picture of your room would hurt you, make you feel violated.
Good evening Sir, Al Salam Wahleykkum.sharing a happy news.By the grace of God, i got an offer from Tayseer,TISSCO and i joined.Hope you are fine.Inshah Allah,meet you sometime.Rakhesh,visitor from India.
Hmmm...k...but i want to change the field quickly da:-)i wanna get system administrator or network administrator..
Dear how is chechi. Did you talk to her
The hair cream has not been shipped.
None of that's happening til you get here though
Yep, the great loxahatchee xmas tree burning of  &lt;#&gt;  starts in an hour
Haha get used to driving to usf man, I know a lot of stoners
All was well until slightly disastrous class this pm with my fav darlings! Hope day off ok. Coffee wld be good as can't stay late tomorrow. Same time + place as always?
Hello! Good week? Fancy a drink or something later?
Headin towards busetop
Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
Come by our room at some point so we can iron out the plan for this weekend
Cos i want it to be your thing
Okies... I'll go yan jiu too... We can skip ard oso, go cine den go mrt one, blah blah blah... 
Bring home some Wendy =D
Whatsup there. Dont u want to sleep
Alright i have a new goal now
Alright, I'll head out in a few minutes, text me where to meet you
Yes:)from last week itself i'm taking live call.
Siva is in hostel aha:-.
Send this to ur friends and receive something about ur voice..... How is my speaking expression? 1.childish 2.naughty 3.Sentiment 4.rowdy 5.ful of attitude 6.romantic 7.shy 8.Attractive 9.funny  &lt;#&gt; .irritating  &lt;#&gt; .lovable. reply me..
Ok. She'll be ok. I guess
aathi..where are you dear..
Any pain on urination any thing else?
7 at esplanade.. Do Ì_ mind giving me a lift cos i got no car today..
I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
At home watching tv lor.
Does she usually take fifteen fucking minutes to respond to a yes or no question
Booked ticket for pongal?
You available now? I'm like right around hillsborough &amp;  &lt;#&gt; th
The message sent is askin for  &lt;#&gt; dollars. Shoul i pay  &lt;#&gt;  or  &lt;#&gt; ?
Ask g or iouri, I've told the story like ten times already
How long does applebees fucking take
Hi hope u get this txt~journey hasnt been gd,now about 50 mins late I think.
But i have to. I like to have love and arrange.
Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
You were supposed to wake ME up &gt;:(
Oic... I saw him too but i tot he din c me... I found a group liao...
Sorry, I'll call later
\HEY HEY WERETHE MONKEESPEOPLE SAY WE MONKEYAROUND! HOWDY GORGEOUS
Sorry, my battery died, I can come by but I'm only getting a gram for now, where's your place?
Well done, blimey, exercise, yeah, i kinda remember wot that is, hmm. 
I wont get concentration dear you know you are my mind and everything :-)
LOL ... Have you made plans for new years?
10 min later k...
hanks lotsly!
Thanks for this hope you had a good day today
K:)k:)what are detail you want to transfer?acc no enough?
Ok i will tell her to stay out. Yeah its been tough but we are optimistic things will improve this month.
Si si. I think ill go make those oreo truffles.
LOOK AT AMY URE A BEAUTIFUL, INTELLIGENT WOMAN AND I LIKE U A LOT. I KNOW U DONåÕT LIKE ME LIKE THAT SO DONåÕT WORRY.
I hope you that's the result of being consistently intelligent and kind. Start asking him about practicum links and keep your ears open and all the best. ttyl
1.20 that call cost. Which i guess isnt bad. Miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya
Going thru a very different feeling.wavering decisions and coping up with the same is the same individual.time will heal everything i believe.
Where did u go? My phone is gonna die you have to stay in here
Great. Never been better. Each day gives even more reasons to thank God
Sorry, I'll call later ok bye
Ok i am on the way to railway
great princess! I love giving and receiving oral. Doggy style is my fave position. How about you? I enjoy making love  &lt;#&gt;  times per night :)
They don't put that stuff on the roads to keep it from getting slippery over there?
When are you going to ride your bike?
Yup, no need. I'll jus wait 4 e rain 2 stop.
There are many company. Tell me the language.
How long has it been since you screamed, princess?
Nothing. I meant that once the money enters your account here, the bank will remove its flat rate. Someone transfered  &lt;#&gt;  to my account and  &lt;#&gt; dollars got removed. So the banks differ and charges also differ.be sure you trust the 9ja person you are sending account details to cos...
Nice line said by a broken heart- Plz don't cum 1 more times infront of me... Other wise once again I ll trust U... Good 9t:)
Ok I'm gonna head up to usf in like fifteen minutes
Love you aathi..love u lot..
Tension ah?what machi?any problem?
K, can I pick up another 8th when you're done?
When're you guys getting back? G said you were thinking about not staying for mcr
Almost there, see u in a sec
Yo carlos, a few friends are already asking me about you, you working at all this weekend?
Watching tv lor...
Thank you baby! I cant wait to taste the real thing...
You should change your fb to jaykwon thuglyfe falconerf
If we win its really no 1 side for long time.
Dear reached railway. What happen to you
Depends on quality. If you want the type i sent boye, faded glory, then about 6. If you want ralphs maybe 2
I think i've fixed it can you send a test message?
Sorry man my account's dry or I would, if you want we could trade back half or I could buy some shit with my credit card
Sorry,in meeting I'll call later
What class of  &lt;#&gt;  reunion?
Are you free now?can i call now?
Got meh... When?
Nope... Think i will go for it on monday... Sorry i replied so late
Some of them told accenture is not confirm. Is it true.
Kate jackson rec center before 7ish, right?
Dear i have reache room
Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
When can Ì_ come out?
Check with nuerologist.
Lolnice. I went from a fish to ..water.?
No it's waiting in e car dat's bored wat. Cos wait outside got nothing 2 do. At home can do my stuff or watch tv wat.
Maybe westshore or hyde park village, the place near my house?
You should know now. So how's anthony. Are you bringing money. I've school fees to pay and rent and stuff like that. Thats why i need your help. A friend in need....|
What's the significance?
Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
8 at the latest, g's still there if you can scrounge up some ammo and want to give the new ak a try
Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
Lol ok your forgiven :)
No..jst change tat only..
S:)no competition for him.
That way transport is less problematic than on sat night. By the way, if u want to ask  n  to join my bday, feel free. But need to know definite nos as booking on fri. 
Usually the person is unconscious that's in children but in adults they may just behave abnormally. I.ll call you now
But that's on ebay it might be less elsewhere.
Shall i come to get pickle
Were gonna go get some tacos
That's very rude, you on campus?
Hi i won't b ard 4 christmas. But do enjoy n merry x'mas.
Yes! How is a pretty lady like you single?
Jay says that you're a double-faggot
What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
Gudnite....tc...practice going on
I'll be late...
I've not called you in a while. This is hoping it was l8r malaria and that you know that we miss you guys. I miss Bani big, so pls give her my love especially. Have a great day.
Good afternoon, my love! How goes that day ? I hope maybe you got some leads on a job. I think of you, boytoy and send you a passionate kiss from across the sea
Probably gonna be here for a while, see you later tonight &lt;)
Or maybe my fat fingers just press all these buttons and it doesn't know what to do.
Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
I am in tirupur da, once you started from office call me.
A famous quote : when you develop the ability to listen to 'anything' unconditionally without losing your temper or self confidence, it means you are ......... 'MARRIED'
But am going to college pa. What to do. are else ill come there it self. Pa.
4 oclock at mine. Just to bash out a flat plan.
This girl does not stay in bed. This girl doesn't need recovery time. Id rather pass out while having fun then be cooped up in bed
Then any special there?
I know but you need to get hotel now. I just got my invitation but i had to apologise. Cali is to sweet for me to come to some english bloke's weddin
Sorry that took so long, omw now
Wait  &lt;#&gt;  min..
Ok give me 5 minutes I think I see her. BTW you're my alibi. You were cutting my hair the whole time.
Imagine you finally get to sink into that bath after I have put you through your paces, maybe even having you eat me for a while before I left ... But also imagine the feel of that cage on your cock surrounded by the bath water, reminding you always who owns you ... Enjoy, my cuck
Hurry up, I've been weed-deficient for like three days
Sure, if I get an acknowledgement from you that it's astoundingly tactless and generally faggy to demand a blood oath fo
Ok. Every night take a warm bath drink a cup of milk and you'll see a work of magic. You still need to loose weight. Just so that you know
I‰Û÷ll have a look at the frying pan in case it‰Û÷s cheap or a book perhaps. No that‰Û÷s silly a frying pan isn‰Û÷t likely to be a book
O. Well uv causes mutations. Sunscreen is like essential thesedays
Having lunch:)you are not in online?why?
I know that my friend already told that.
Hi Princess! Thank you for the pics. You are very pretty. How are you?
Aiyo... U always c our ex one... I dunno abt mei, she haven reply... First time u reply so fast... Y so lucky not workin huh, got bao by ur sugardad ah...gee.. 
Hi msg me:)i'm in office..
Thanx 4 e brownie it's v nice...
Geeeee ... I love you so much I can barely stand it
Fuck babe ... I miss you already, you know ? Can't you let me send you some money towards your net ? I need you ... I want you ... I crave you ...
Ill call u 2mrw at ninish, with my address that icky American freek wont stop callin me 2 bad Jen k eh?
Oooh bed ridden ey? What are YOU thinking of?
So anyways, you can just go to your gym or whatever, my love *smiles* I hope your ok and having a good day babe ... I miss you so much already
Love it! Daddy will make you scream with pleasure! I am going to slap your ass with my dick!
WOT U WANNA DO THEN MISSY?
Yar lor wait 4 my mum 2 finish sch then have lunch lor... I whole morning stay at home clean my room now my room quite clean... Hee...
Do you know where my lab goggles went
Can you open the door?
Waiting for your call.
Nope i waiting in sch 4 daddy... 
I'm tired of arguing with you about this week after week. Do what you want and from now on, i'll do the same.
ÌÏ wait 4 me in sch i finish ard 5..
Arngd marriage is while u r walkin unfortuntly a snake bites u. bt love marriage is dancing in frnt of d snake &amp; sayin Bite me, bite me.
Huh so early.. Then Ì_ having dinner outside izzit?
Ok anyway no need to change with what you said
my ex-wife was not able to have kids. Do you want kids one day?
So how's scotland. Hope you are not over showing your JJC tendencies. Take care. Live the dream
Tell them u have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time.
I dun thk i'll quit yet... Hmmm, can go jazz ? Yogasana oso can... We can go meet em after our lessons den... 
\Pete can you please ring meive hardly gotany credit\""
Ya srsly better than yi tho
I'm in a meeting, call me later at
You still at grand prix?
I met you as a stranger and choose you as my friend. As long as the world stands, our friendship never ends. Lets be Friends forever!!! Gud nitz...
I am great! How are you?
Gud mrng dear have a nice day
Will do. Was exhausted on train this morning. Too much wine and pie. You sleep well too
I'm going out to buy mum's present ar.
Mind blastin.. No more Tsunamis will occur from now on.. Rajnikant stopped swimming in Indian Ocean..:-D
If u sending her home first it's ok lor. I'm not ready yet.
Speaking of does he have any cash yet?
Be happy there. I will come after noon
Meet after lunch la...
TaKe CaRE n gET WeLL sOOn
what I meant to say is cant wait to see u again getting bored of this bridgwater banter
Neva mind it's ok..
It's fine, imma get a drink or somethin. Want me to come find you?
Its a valentine game. . . Send dis msg to all ur friends. .. If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. Ques- which colour suits me the best?rply me
I have many dependents
THANX4 TODAY CER IT WAS NICE 2 CATCH UP BUT WE AVE 2 FIND MORE TIME MORE OFTEN OH WELL TAKE CARE C U SOON.C
I called and said all to him:)then he have to choose this future.
\Happy valentines day\" I know its early but i have hundreds of handsomes and beauties to wish. So i thought to finish off aunties and uncles 1st..."
He like not v shock leh. Cos telling shuhui is like telling leona also. Like dat almost all know liao. He got ask me abt ur reaction lor.
For my family happiness..
I come n pick Ì_ up... Come out immediately aft ur lesson...
Let there be snow. Let there be snow. This kind of weather brings ppl together so friendships can grow.
Dear we got  &lt;#&gt;  dollars hi hi
Good words.... But words may leave u in dismay many times.
MAKE SURE ALEX KNOWS HIS BIRTHDAY IS OVER IN FIFTEEN MINUTES AS FAR AS YOU'RE CONCERNED
sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in pub later.
Nah it's straight, if you can just bring bud or drinks or something that's actually a little more useful than straight cash
Haha good to hear, I'm officially paid and on the market for an 8th
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
Yup i thk they r e teacher said that will make my face look longer. Darren ask me not 2 cut too short.
Please dont say like that. Hi hi hi
Thank u!
Oh that was a forwarded message. I thought you send that to me
Got it. Seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml ‰ÛÒ hope ok.
Me n him so funny...
Sweetheart, hope you are not having that kind of day! Have one with loads of reasons to smile. Biola
When Ì_ login dat time... Dad fetching Ì_ home now?
What will we do in the shower, baby?
I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
Well imma definitely need to restock before thanksgiving, I'll let you know when I'm out
 said kiss, kiss, i can't do the sound effects! He is a gorgeous man isn't he! Kind of person who needs a smile to brighten his day! 
Probably gonna swing by in a wee bit
Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
Allo! We have braved the buses and taken on the trains and triumphed. I mean we‰Û÷re in b‰Û÷ham. Have a jolly good rest of week
Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?
Do you mind if I ask what happened? You dont have to say if it is uncomfortable.
No prob. I will send to your email.
Thats cool! Sometimes slow and gentle. Sonetimes rough and hard :)
I'm gonna say no. Sorry. I would but as normal am starting to panic about time. Sorry again! Are you seeing on Tuesday?
Wait, do you know if wesleys in town? I bet she does hella drugs!
Fine i miss you very much.
Did u got that persons story
Tell them the drug dealer's getting impatient
Sun cant come to earth but send luv as rays. cloud cant come to river but send luv as rain. I cant come to meet U, but can send my care as msg to U. Gud evng
You will be in the place of that man
It doesnt make sense to take it there unless its free. If you need to know more, wikipedia.com
Under the sea, there lays a rock. In the rock, there is an envelope. In the envelope, there is a paper. On the paper, there are 3 words... '
Then mum's repent how?
Sorry me going home first... Daddy come fetch Ì_ later...
Leave it de:-). Start Prepare for next:-)..
Yes baby! We can study all the positions of the kama sutra ;)
En chikku nange bakra msg kalstiya..then had tea/coffee?
Carlos'll be here in a minute if you still need to buy
This pay is  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  lakhs:)
Have a good evening! Ttyl
Did u receive my msg?
Ho ho - big belly laugh! See ya tomo
Ditto. And you won't have to worry about me saying ANYTHING to you anymore. Like i said last night, you do whatever you want and i'll do the same. Peace.
I've got  &lt;#&gt; , any way I could pick up?
I dont knw pa, i just drink milk..
Maybe?! Say hi to  and find out if  got his card. Great escape or wetherspoons? 
Piggy, r u awake? I bet u're still sleeping. I'm going 4 lunch now...
Cause I'm not freaky lol
Missed your call cause I was yelling at scrappy. Miss u. Can't wait for u to come home. I'm so lonely today.
What is this 'hex' place you talk of? Explain!
ÌÏ log off 4 wat. It's sdryb8i
Is xy going 4 e lunch?
I wanted to ask Ì_ to wait 4 me to finish lect. Cos my lect finishes in an hour anyway.
Have you finished work yet? :)
Every King Was Once A Crying Baby And Every Great Building Was Once A Map.. Not Imprtant Where U r TODAY, BUT Where U Wil Reach TOMORW. Gud ni8
Dear,Me at cherthala.in case u r coming cochin pls call bfore u start.i shall also reach accordingly.or tell me which day u r coming.tmorow i am engaged ans its holiday.
Thanks love. But am i doing torch or bold.
Was the farm open?
Sorry to trouble u again. Can buy 4d for my dad again? 1405, 1680, 1843. All 2 big 1 small, sat n sun. Thanx.
My sister in law, hope you are having a great month. Just saying hey. Abiola
Will purchase d stuff today and mail to you. Do you have a po box number?
Ah poop. Looks like ill prob have to send in my laptop to get fixed cuz it has a gpu problem
Good. Good job. I like entrepreneurs
Aight, you close by or still down around alex's place?
meet you in corporation st outside gap ‰Û_ you can see how my mind is working!
Mum ask Ì_ to buy food home...
K..u also dont msg or reply to his msg..
How much r Ì_ willing to pay?
Sorry, I'll call later
What is important is that you prevent dehydration by giving her enough fluids
Thats a bit weird, even ?- where is the do supposed to be happening? But good idea, sure they will be in pub!
True dear..i sat to pray evening and felt so.so i sms'd you in some time...
I don't think I can get away for a trek that long with family in town, sorry
So when do you wanna gym harri
Quite late lar... Ard 12 anyway i wun b drivin...
Height of Confidence: All the Aeronautics professors wer calld &amp; they wer askd 2 sit in an aeroplane. Aftr they sat they wer told dat the plane ws made by their students. Dey all hurried out of d plane.. Bt only 1 didnt move... He said:\if it is made by my students
It just seems like weird timing that the night that all you and g want is for me to come smoke is the same day as when a shitstorm is attributed to me always coming over and making everyone smoke
Save yourself the stress. If the person has a dorm account, just send your account details and the money will be sent to you.
He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
When i have stuff to sell i.ll tell you
Book which lesson? then you msg me... I will call up after work or sth... I'm going to get specs. My membership is PX3748
Macha dont feel upset.i can assume your mindset.believe me one evening with me and i have some wonderful plans for both of us.LET LIFE BEGIN AGAIN.call me anytime
Oh is it? Send me the address
S'fine. Anytime. All the best with it.
That is wondar full flim.
Ya even those cookies have jelly on them
The world is running and i am still.maybe all are feeling the same,so be it.or i have to admit,i am mad.then where is the correction?or let me call this is life.and keep running with the world,may be u r also running.lets run.
Got it! It looks scrumptious... daddy wants to eat you all night long!
Of cos can lar i'm not so ba dao ok... 1 pm lor... Y u never ask where we go ah... I said u would ask on fri but he said u will ask today...
Alright omw, gotta change my order to a half8th
Exactly. Anyways how far. Is jide her to study or just visiting
Dunno y u ask me.
No he didn't. Spring is coming early yay!
Lol you won't feel bad when I use her money to take you out to a steak dinner =D
Even u dont get in trouble while convincing..just tel him once or twice and just tel neglect his msgs dont c and read it..just dont reply
Leaving to qatar tonite in search of an opportunity.all went fast.pls add me in ur prayers dear.Rakhesh
Then why no one talking to me
Thanks for looking out for me. I really appreciate.
Wish i were with you now!
Haha mayb u're rite... U know me well. Da feeling of being liked by someone is gd lor. U faster go find one then all gals in our group attached liao.
Yes i will be there. Glad you made it.
Do well :)all will for little time. Thing of good times ahead:
Just got up. have to be out of the room very soon. ‰Û_. i hadn't put the clocks back til at 8 i shouted at everyone to get up and then realised it was 7. wahay. another hour in bed.
Ok. There may be a free gym about.
Men like shorter ladies. Gaze up into his eyes.
Dunno he jus say go lido. Same time 930.
I promise to take good care of you, princess. I have to run now. Please send pics when you get a chance. Ttyl!
Is there a reason we've not spoken this year? Anyways have a great week and all the best in your exam
By monday next week. Give me the full gist
Dont gimme that lip caveboy
When did you get to the library
Realy sorry-i don't recognise this number and am now confused :) who r u please?! 
So why didnt you holla?
Cant think of anyone with * spare room off * top of my head
Faith makes things possible,Hope makes things work,Love makes things beautiful,May you have all three this Christmas!Merry Christmas!
U should have made an appointment
Call me when you/carlos is/are here, my phone's vibrate is acting up and I might not hear texts
We are at grandmas. Oh dear, u still ill? I felt Shit this morning but i think i am just hungover! Another night then. We leave on sat.
Nothing but we jus tot u would ask cos u ba gua... But we went mt faber yest... Yest jus went out already mah so today not going out... Jus call lor...
Wishing you and your family Merry \X\" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance.."
I'm nt goin, got somethin on, unless they meetin 4 dinner lor... Haha, i wonder who will go tis time...
Sorry, I'll call later
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Lol I know! They're so dramatic. Schools already closed for tomorrow. Apparently we can't drive in the inch of snow were supposed to get.
Not getting anywhere with this damn job hunting over here!
Lol! U drunkard! Just doing my hair at d moment. Yeah still up 4 tonight. Wats the plan? 
idc get over here, you are not weaseling your way out of this shit twice in a row
I wil be there with in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes. Got any space
Just sleeping..and surfing
Thanks for picking up the trash.
Why don't you go tell your friend you're not sure you want to live with him because he smokes too much then spend hours begging him to come smoke
\Hi its Kate it was lovely to see you tonight and ill phone you tomorrow. I got to sing and a guy gave me his card! xxx\""
Happy New year my dear brother. I really do miss you. Just got your number and decided to send you this text wishing you only happiness. Abiola
That means get the door
Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
Hmmm ... I thought we said 2 hours slave, not 3 ... You are late ... How should I punish you ?
Beerage?
Dont think so. It turns off like randomlly within 5min of opening
She was supposed to be but couldn't make it, she's still in town though
It does it on its own. Most of the time it fixes my spelling. But sometimes it gets a completely diff word. Go figure
Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
This is hoping you enjoyed your game yesterday. Sorry i've not been in touch but pls know that you are fondly bein thot off. Have a great week. Abiola
All e best 4 ur driving tmr :-)
Y?WHERE U AT DOGBREATH? ITS JUST SOUNDING LIKE JAN C THATåÕS AL!!!!!!!!!
Omg I want to scream. I weighed myself and I lost more weight! Woohoo!
There generally isn't one. It's an uncountable noun - u in the dictionary. pieces of research?
it's really getting me down just hanging around.
\Petey boy whereare you me and all your friendsare in theKingshead come down if you canlove Nic\""
Ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
\Gimme a few\" was  &lt;#&gt;  minutes ago"
Appt is at &lt;TIME&gt; am. Not my fault u don't listen. I told u twice
K I'll be there before 4.
I dled 3d its very imp
sure, but make sure he knows we ain't smokin yet
Boooo you always work. Just quit.
I am taking half day leave bec i am not well
Ugh I don't wanna get out of bed. It's so warm.
S:)s.nervous  &lt;#&gt; :)
So there's a ring that comes with the guys costumes. It's there so they can gift their future yowifes. Hint hint
I borrow ur bag ok.
Where's my boytoy? I miss you ... What happened?
He has lots of used ones babe, but the model doesn't help. Youi have to bring it over and he'll match it up
Also are you bringing galileo or dobby
Then why you not responding
\BOO BABE! U ENJOYIN YOURJOB? U SEEMED 2 B GETTIN ON WELL HUNNY!HOPE URE OK?TAKE CARE & IåÕLLSPEAK 2U SOONLOTS OF LOVEME XXXX.\""
Good afternoon starshine! How's my boytoy? Does he crave me yet? Ache to fuck me ? *sips cappuccino* I miss you babe *teasing kiss*
On the road so cant txt
Have a good evening! Ttyl
Hmm .. Bits and pieces lol ... *sighs* ...
Hahaha..use your brain dear
Hey. You got any mail?
Sorry light turned green, I meant another friend wanted  &lt;#&gt;  worth but he may not be around
Thanks for yesterday sir. You have been wonderful. Hope you enjoyed the burial. MojiBiola
Hi mate its RV did u hav a nice hol just a message 3 say hello coz havenåÕt sent u 1 in ages started driving so stay off roads!RVx
Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy! This is the message i sent days ago
Surely result will offer:)
Good Morning my Dear........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
Sir, I have been late in paying rent for the past few months and had to pay a $ &lt;#&gt;  charge. I felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. I however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. Can you please help. Thanks
I luv u soo much u donåÕt understand how special u r 2 me ring u 2morrow luv u xxx
Pls send me a comprehensive mail about who i'm paying, when and how much.
Our Prashanthettan's mother passed away last night. pray for her and family.
K.k:)when are you going?
Meanwhile in the shit suite: xavier decided to give us  &lt;#&gt;  seconds of warning that samantha was coming over and is playing jay's guitar to impress her or some shit. Also I don't think doug realizes I don't live here anymore
My stomach has been thru so much trauma I swear I just can't eat. I better lose weight.
I am in office:)whats the matter..msg me now.i will call you at break:).
Yeah there's barely enough room for the two of us, x has too many fucking shoes. Sorry man, see you later
U reach orchard already? U wan 2 go buy tickets first?
I am real, baby! I want to bring out your inner tigress...
No da if you run that it activate the full version da.
\AH POOR BABY!HOPE URFEELING BETTERSN LUV! PROBTHAT OVERDOSE OF WORK HEY GO CAREFUL SPK 2 U SN LOTS OF LOVEJEN XXX.\""
Stop the story. I've told him i've returned it and he's saying i should not re order it.
Going to take your babe out ?
Hai ana tomarrow am coming on morning.  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  ill be there in sathy then we ll go to RTO office. Reply me after came to home.
Spoons it is then okay?
Did he just say somebody is named tampa
In work now. Going have in few min.
Your brother is a genius
Sorry, I guess whenever I can get a hold of my connections, maybe an hour or two? I'll text you
Did u find out what time the bus is at coz i need to sort some stuff out.
Dude ive been seeing a lotta corvettes lately
Same here, but I consider walls and bunkers and shit important just because I never play on peaceful but I guess your place is high enough that it don't matter
Well am officially in a philosophical hole, so if u wanna call am at home ready to be saved!
Its going good...no problem..but still need little experience to understand american customer voice...
I'll text you when I drop x off
Ugh its been a long day. I'm exhausted. Just want to cuddle up and take a nap
Talk With Yourself Atleast Once In A Day...!!! Otherwise You Will Miss Your Best FRIEND In This WORLD...!!! -Shakespeare- SHESIL  &lt;#&gt;
Are you in castor? You need to see something
see, i knew giving you a break a few times woul lead to you always wanting to miss curfew. I was gonna gibe you 'til one, but a MIDNIGHT movie is not gonna get out til after 2. You need to come home. You need to getsleep and, if anything, you need to b studdying ear training.
I love to give massages. I use lots of baby oil... What is your fave position?
Dude we should go sup again
Yoyyooo u know how to change permissions for a drive in mac. My usb flash drive
Gibbs unsold.mike hussey
I like to talk pa but am not able to. I dont know y.
Y dun cut too short leh. U dun like ah? She failed. She's quite sad.
You unbelievable faglord
Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
Why do you ask princess?
I am great princess! What are you thinking about me? :)
Nutter. Cutter. Ctter. Cttergg. Cttargg. Ctargg. Ctagg. ie you
It's ok i noe u're busy but i'm really too bored so i msg u. I oso dunno wat colour she choose 4 me one.
Doesn't g have class early tomorrow and thus shouldn't be trying to smoke at  &lt;#&gt;
Superb Thought- \Be grateful that u dont have everything u want. That means u still have an opportunity to be happier tomorrow than u are today.\":-)"
Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in
I'm used to it. I just hope my agents don't drop me since i've only booked a few things this year. This whole me in boston, them in nyc was an experiment.
Thursday night? Yeah, sure thing, we'll work it out then
Probably money worries. Things are coming due and i have several outstanding invoices for work i did two and three months ago.
How is it possible to teach you. And where.
I wonder if your phone battery went dead ? I had to tell you, I love you babe
Lovely smell on this bus and it ain't tobacco... 
We're all getting worried over here, derek and taylor have already assumed the worst
Hey what's up charles sorry about the late reply.
I.ll give her once i have it. Plus she said grinule greet you whenever we speak
WHITE FUDGE OREOS ARE IN STORES
My love ! How come it took you so long to leave for Zaher's? I got your words on ym and was happy to see them but was sad you had left. I miss you
I am sorry it hurt you.
Can't. I feel nauseous. I'm so pissed. I didn't eat any sweets all week cause today I was planning to pig out. I was dieting all week. And now I'm not hungry :/
Ok lor but not too early. Me still having project meeting now.
Call me da, i am waiting for your call.
I could ask carlos if we could get more if anybody else can chip in
Was actually about to send you a reminder today. Have a wonderful weekend
When people see my msgs, They think Iam addicted to msging... They are wrong, Bcoz They don\'t know that Iam addicted to my sweet Friends..!! BSLVYL
Hey you gave them your photo when you registered for driving ah? Tmr wanna meet at yck? 
Dont talk to him ever ok its my word.
When u wana see it then
On ma way to school. Can you pls send me ashley's number
It shall be fine. I have avalarr now. Will hollalater
She went to attend another two rounds today..but still did't reach home..
Actually i deleted my old website..now i m blogging at magicalsongs.blogspot.com
K, wait chikku..il send aftr  &lt;#&gt; mins
But I'm on a diet. And I ate 1 too many slices of pizza yesterday. Ugh I'm ALWAYS on a diet.
K:)i will give my kvb acc details:)
Oh all have to come ah?
I'm really sorry i won't b able 2 do this friday.hope u can find an alternative.hope yr term's going ok:-)
Congratulations ore mo owo re wa. Enjoy it and i wish you many happy moments to and fro wherever you go
So do you have samus shoulders yet
What time you think you'll have it? Need to know when I should be near campus
Then dun wear jeans lor...
Since when, which side, any fever, any vomitin.
K:)k.are you in college?
Better. Made up for Friday and stuffed myself like a pig yesterday. Now I feel bleh. But at least its not writhing pain kind of bleh.
No we sell it all so we'll have tons if coins. Then sell our coins to someone thru paypal. Voila! Money back in life pockets:)
Theyre doing it to lots of places. Only hospitals and medical places are safe.
And also I've sorta blown him off a couple times recently so id rather not text him out of the blue looking for weed
I sent my scores to sophas and i had to do secondary application for a few schools. I think if you are thinking of applying, do a research on cost also. Contact joke ogunrinde, her school is one me the less expensive ones
I cant wait to see you! How were the photos were useful? :)
Hey i booked the kb on sat already... what other lessons are we going for ah? Keep your sat night free we need to meet and confirm our lodging 
Chk in ur belovd ms dict
Is that what time you want me to come?
Awesome, lemme know whenever you're around
Shb b ok lor... Thanx...
Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: \Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it..\" GOOD NIGHT"
Also remember to get dobby's bowl from your car
Sorry i now then c ur msg... Yar lor so poor thing... But only 4 one night... Tmr u'll have a brand new room 2 sleep in...
Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical
Welp apparently he retired
My sort code is  and acc no is . The bank is natwest. Can you reply to confirm i've sent this to the right person!
Where @
U sure u can't take any sick time?
Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?
Yo chad which gymnastics class do you wanna take? The site says Christians class is full..
Are you this much buzy
Or better still can you catch her and let ask her if she can sell  &lt;#&gt;  for me.
I am not sure about night menu. . . I know only about noon menu
What do u want when i come back?.a beautiful necklace as a token of my heart for you.thats what i will give but ONLY to MY WIFE OF MY LIKING.BE THAT AND SEE..NO ONE can give you that.dont call me.i will wait till i come.
Are you willing to go for aptitude class.
It wont b until 2.15 as trying 2 sort house out, is that ok?
Yar lor he wan 2 go c horse racing today mah, so eat earlier lor. I ate chicken rice. U?
Haha awesome, omw back now then
Yup i thk so until e shop closes lor.
what is your account number?
Eh u send wrongly lar...
Hey no I ad a crap nite was borin without ya 2 boggy with me u boring biatch! Thanx but u wait til nxt time il ave ya 
Ok i shall talk to him
Dont hesitate. You know this is the second time she has had weakness like that. So keep i notebook of what she eat and did the day before or if anything changed the day before so that we can be sure its nothing
Hey you can pay. With salary de. Only  &lt;#&gt; .
Another month. I need chocolate weed and alcohol.
If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
Reckon need to be in town by eightish to walk from * carpark.
LOOK AT THE FUCKIN TIME. WHAT THE FUCK YOU THINK IS UP
Yo guess what I just dropped
Carlos says he'll be at mu in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes
I'm in office now . I will call you  &lt;#&gt;  min:)
Geeee ... I miss you already, you know ? Your all I can think about. Fuck, I can't wait till next year when we will be together ... *loving kiss*
Yun ah.the ubi one say if Ì_ wan call by tomorrow.call 67441233 look for irene.ere only got bus8,22,65,61,66,382. Ubi cres,ubi tech park.6ph for 1st 5wkg days.Ì¬n
Ugh. Gotta drive back to sd from la. My butt is sore.
26th OF JULY
Hi im having the most relaxing time ever! we have to get up at 7am every day! was the party good the other night? I get home tomorrow at 5ish.
Up to Ì_... ÌÏ wan come then come lor... But i din c any stripes skirt...
The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish U Merry Xmas...
I can't, I don't have her number!
Change again... It's e one next to escalator...
Yetunde i'm in class can you not run water on it to make it ok. Pls now.
Not a lot has happened here. Feels very quiet. Beth is at her aunts and charlie is working lots. Just me and helen in at the mo. How have you been? 
Then Ì_ wait 4 me at bus stop aft ur lect lar. If i dun c Ì_ then i go get my car then come back n pick Ì_.
Aight will do, thanks again for comin out
No..but heard abt tat..
Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
&lt;#&gt;  am I think? Should say on syllabus
Umma. Did she say anything
Give me a sec to think think about it
I don't quite know what to do. I still can't get hold of anyone. I cud pick you up bout 7.30pm and we can see if they're in the pub?
Poyyarikatur,kolathupalayam,unjalur post,erode dis, &lt;#&gt; .
Dear Hero,i am leaving to qatar tonite for an apt opportunity.pls do keep in touch at  &lt;EMAIL&gt; ,kerala
Lol I would but my mom would have a fit and tell the whole family how crazy and terrible I am
I just got home babe, are you still awake ?
I dunno they close oredi not... ÌÏ v ma fan...
Just buy a pizza. Meat lovers or supreme. U get to pick.
Ya, told..she was asking wats matter?
Dear,regret i cudnt pick call.drove down frm ctla now at cochin home.left mobile in car..ente style ishtamayoo?happy bakrid!
Shall i send that exe to your mail id.
Nope watching tv at home... Not going out. V bored...
Don know..wait i will check it.
Good afternoon on this glorious anniversary day, my sweet J !! I hope this finds you happy and content, my Prey. I think of you and send a teasing kiss from across the sea coaxing images of fond souveniers ... You Cougar-Pen
We still on for tonight?
May i call You later Pls
Hasn't that been the pattern recently crap weekends?
I have a sore throat. It's scratches when I talk
Yes da. Any plm at ur office
Are you not around or just still asleep? :V
Lol you forgot it eh ? Yes, I'll bring it in babe
Its good, we'll find a way
Can not use foreign stamps in this country. Good lecture .
Yup bathe liao...
HAPPY NEW YEAR MY NO.1 MAN
OH MR SHEFFIELD! You wanna play THAT game, okay. You're the boss and I'm the nanny. You give me a raise and I'll give YOU one!!
ZOE IT JUST HIT ME 2 IM FUCKING SHITIN MYSELF IL DEFO TRY MY HARDEST 2 CUM 2MOROW LUV U MILLIONS LEKDOG
Hello baby, did you get back to your mom's ? Are you setting up the computer now ? Filling your belly ? How goes it loverboy ? I miss you already ... *sighs*
No my blankets are sufficient, thx
naughty little thought: 'its better to flirt, flirt n flirt, rather than loving someone n gettin hurt, hurt n hurt...:-) Gud nyt
Edison has rightly said, \A fool can ask more questions than a wise man can answer\" Now you know why all of us are speechless during ViVa.. GM
They just talking thats it de. They wont any other.
Today am going to college so am not able to atten the class.
I'm in class. Will holla later
Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
Mmm thats better now i got a roast down me! iåÕd b better if i had a few drinks down me 2! Good indian?
Come round, it's . 
Do 1 thing! Change that sentence into: \Because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here..\""
I walked an hour 2 c u! doesnåÕt that show I care y wont u believe im serious?
Are you available for soiree on June 3rd?
Do u noe wat time e place dat sells 4d closes?
I got another job! The one at the hospital doing data analysis or something, starts on monday! Not sure when my thesis will got finished
Jay's getting really impatient and belligerent
HIYA COMIN 2 BRISTOL 1 ST WEEK IN APRIL. LES GOT OFF + RUDI ON NEW YRS EVE BUT I WAS SNORING.THEY WERE DRUNK! U BAK AT COLLEGE YET? MY WORK SENDS INK 2 BATH.
I'm at work. Please call
Then u drive lor.
Ard 515 like dat. Y?
Tell me they're female :V how're you throwing in? We're deciding what all to get now
I'm working technical support :)voice process.networking field.
I might come to kerala for 2 days.so you can be prepared to take a leave once i finalise .dont plan any travel during my visit.need to finish urgent works.
Ok. Not sure what time tho as not sure if can get to library before class. Will try. See you at some point! Have good eve.
That's fine, I'll bitch at you about it later then
No my mum went 2 dentist.
Once free call me sir. I am waiting for you.
Meeting u is my work. . . Tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow
Jus finish bathing...
alright, I'll make sure the car is back tonight
Lul im gettin some juicy gossip at the hospital. Two nurses are talking about how fat they are gettin. And one thinks shes obese. Oyea.
Aight ill get on fb in a couple minutes
Oi. Ami parchi na re. Kicchu kaaj korte iccha korche na. Phone ta tul na. Plz. Plz.
Where can download clear movies. Dvd copies.
Yep, by the pretty sculpture
Convey my regards to him
Me too watching surya movie only. . .after 6 pm vijay movie POKKIRI
You tell what happen dont behave like this to me. Ok no need to say
Can u get pic msgs to your phone?
Send to someone else :-)
Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
For me the love should start with attraction.i should feel that I need her every time around me.she should be the first thing which comes in my thoughts.I would start the day and end it with her.she should be there every time I dream.love will be then when my every breath has her name.my life should happen around her.my life will be named to her.I would cry for her.will give all my happiness and take all her sorrows.I will be ready to fight with anyone for her.I will be in love when I will be doing the craziest things for her.love will be when I don't have to proove anyone that my girl is the most beautiful lady on the whole planet.I will always be singing praises for her.love will be when I start up making chicken curry and end up makiing sambar.life will be the most beautiful then.will get every morning and thank god for the day because she is with me.I would like to say a lot..will tell later..
FR'NDSHIP is like a needle of a clock. Though V r in d same clock, V r nt able 2 met. Evn if V meet,itz only 4few seconds. Bt V alwys stay conected. Gud 9t;-)
I don't think he has spatula hands!
You can never do NOTHING
Goodmorning today i am late for  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; min.
Please da call me any mistake from my side sorry da. Pls da goto doctor.
Where r we meeting?
Well the weather in cali's great. But its complexities are great. You need a car to move freely, its taxes are outrageous. But all in all its a great place. The sad part is i missing home.
Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro
Ryder unsold.now gibbs.
Don't fret. I'll buy the ovulation test strips and send them to you. You wont get them til like march. Can you send me your postal address.u'll be alright.Okay.
NO GIFTS!! You trying to get me to throw myself off a cliff or something?
Been up to ne thing interesting. Did you have a good birthday? When are u wrking nxt? I started uni today.
You busy or can I come by at some point and figure out what we're doing tomorrow
Yeah go on then, bored and depressed sittin waitin for phone to ring... Hope the wind drops though, scary
Black shirt n blue jeans... I thk i c Ì_...
Aiyah sorry lor... I watch tv watch until i forgot 2 check my phone.
on hen night. Going with a swing
Good afternoon, my love. How goes your day ? What are you up to ? I woke early and am online waiting for you ... Hmmm ... Italian boy is online I see . *grins*
From someone not to smoke when every time I've smoked in the last two weeks is because of you calling or texting me that you wanted to smoke
No you'll just get a headache trying to figure it out. U can trust me to do the math. I promise. O:-)
S s..first time..dhoni rocks...
Ok ill tell the company
Awesome, think we can get an 8th at usf some time tonight?
So that means you still think of teju
No I'm good for the movie, is it ok if I leave in an hourish?
No no:)this is kallis home ground.amla home town is durban:)
So lets make it saturday or monday as per convenience.
Hey... What time is your driving on fri? We go for evaluation on fri?
I'm going 4 lunch now wif my family then aft dat i go str 2 orchard lor.
Cancel cheyyamo?and get some money back?
Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
Good morning princess! How are you?
Aiyar sorry lor forgot 2 tell u...
Not tonight mate. Catching up on some sleep. This is my new number by the way. 
Height of \Oh shit....!!\" situation: A guy throws a luv letter on a gal but falls on her brothers head whos a gay
So check your errors and if you had difficulties, do correction.
Howz pain?hope u r fine..
Sorry, I'll call later
Good morning princess! How are you?
As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
U wake up already? Thanx 4 e tau sar piah it's quite nice.
K do I need a login or anything
LOL ... No just was busy
What * u wearing?
Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
Oh:)as usual vijay film or its different?
Have you had a good day? Mine was really busy are you up to much tomorrow night?
And is there a way you can send shade's stuff to her. And she has been wonderful too.
Really... I tot ur paper ended long ago... But wat u copied jus now got use? U happy lar... I still haf 2 study :-(
Babe ? I lost you ... :-(
Ok... Help me ask if she's working tmr a not?
I'm not driving... Raining! Then i'll get caught at e mrt station lor.
Not a drop in the tank
(That said can you text him one more time?)
Sorry, I'll call later
Ok i go change also...
Did u find a sitter for kaitlyn? I was sick and slept all day yesterday.
Sorry man, accidentally left my phone on silent last night and didn't check it til I got up
Hey.. Something came up last min.. Think i wun be signing up tmr.. Hee
He's an adult and would learn from the experience. There's no real danger. I just dont like peeps using drugs they dont need. But no comment
Hey! There's veggie pizza... :/
Yun buying... But school got offer 2000 plus only...
You sure your neighbors didnt pick it up
K. I will sent it again
New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
Well. Im computerless. Time to make some oreo truffles
Haha yeah I see that now, be there in a sec
I am not having her number sir
Lol now I'm after that hot air balloon!
Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
Msgs r not time pass.They silently say that I am thinking of U right now and also making U think of me at least 4 a moment. Gd nt.swt drms @Shesil
Yeah, we can probably swing by once my roommate finishes up with his girl
Happy new years melody!
ÌÏ dun need to pick ur gf?
Yay! You better not have told that to 5 other girls either.
Horrible u eat macs eat until u forgot abt me already rite... U take so long 2 reply. I thk it's more toot than b4 so b prepared. Now wat shall i eat?
Did he say how fantastic I am by any chance, or anything need a bigger life lift as losing the will 2 live, do you think I would be the first person 2 die from N V Q? 
Just nw i came to hme da..
I'm outside islands, head towards hard rock and you'll run into me
To day class is there are no class.
I'm in chennai velachery:)
You flippin your shit yet?
K give me a sec, breaking a  &lt;#&gt;  at cstore
Am i that much bad to avoid like this?
Yo, you around? Just got my car back
Annoying isn't it.
Goodmorning, Today i am late for  &lt;#&gt; min.
There's no point hangin on to mr not right if he's not makin u happy
All will come alive.better correct any good looking figure there itself..
In that case I guess I'll see you at campus lodge
We're done...
Come to my home for one last time i wont do anything. Trust me.
I was up all night too worrying about this appt. It's a shame we missed a girls night out with quizzes popcorn and you doing my hair.
Ok... C ya...
What he said is not the matter. My mind saying some other matter is there.
He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
Al he does is moan at me if n e thin goes wrong its my fault&al de arguments r my fault&fed up of him of himso y bother? Hav 2go, thanx.xx
NEFT Transaction with reference number  &lt;#&gt;  for Rs. &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  &lt;#&gt;  at  &lt;TIME&gt; : &lt;#&gt;
Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
I know she called me
Me also da, i feel yesterday night  wait til 2day night dear.
Thanks for understanding. I've been trying to tell sura that.
The whole car appreciated the last two! Dad and are having a map reading semi argument but apart from that things are going ok. P.
I need you to be in my strong arms...
Also maaaan are you missing out
His bday real is in april .
Guessin you ain't gonna be here before 9?
Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
Yo, the game almost over? Want to go to walmart soon
Yeah, probably but not sure. Ilol let u know, but personally I wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then I mite as well!!
I'll text now! All creepy like so he won't think that we forgot
that would be good ‰Û_ I'll phone you tomo lunchtime, shall I, to organise something?
Damn, can you make it tonight or do you want to just wait til tomorrow
K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
True. It is passable. And if you get a high score and apply for phd, you get 5years of salary. So it makes life easier.
Prakesh is there know.
Teach me apps da. When you come to college.
Rofl betta invest in some  anti aging products
sir, you will receive the account no another 1hr time. Sorry for the delay.
So Ì_'ll be submitting da project tmr rite?
Jus ans me lar. U'll noe later.
I want to send something that can sell fast.  &lt;#&gt; k is not easy money.
have got * few things to do. may be in * pub later.
1's finish meeting call me.
Lol ok. I'll snatch her purse too.
\Hello-/@drivby-:0quit edrunk sorry iff pthis makes no senrd-dnot no how ^ dancce 2 drum n basq!ihave fun 2nhite x ros xxxxxxx\""
Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
How much are we getting?
Is ur paper in e morn or aft tmr?
Dear relieved of westonzoyland, all going to plan this end too!
Hope you are having a great new semester. Do wish you the very best. You are made for greatness.
Oh yes I can speak txt 2 u no! Hmm. Did u get  email?
I want to show you the world, princess :) how about europe?
Nobody can decide where to eat and dad wants Chinese
No shoot me. I'm in the docs waiting room. :/
Now? I'm going out 4 dinner soon..
Hello which the site to download songs its urgent pls
I do know what u mean,  is the king of not havin credit! I'm goin2bed now. Night night sweet! Only1more sleep! 
Horrible gal. Me in sch doing some stuff. How come u got mc?
HI HUN! IM NOT COMIN 2NITE-TELL EVERY1 IM SORRY 4 ME, HOPE U AVA GOODTIME!OLI RANG MELNITE IFINK IT MITE B SORTED,BUT IL EXPLAIN EVERYTHIN ON MON.L8RS.x
I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
Yeah like if it goes like it did with my friends imma flip my shit in like half an hour
Mum say we wan to go then go... Then she can shun bian watch da glass exhibition... 
What your plan for pongal?
Just wait till end of march when el nino gets himself. Oh.
Not yet chikku..going to room nw, i'm in bus..
Am also doing in cbe only. But have to pay.
Honey boo I'm missing u.
We have sent JD for Customer Service cum Accounts Executive to ur mail id, For details contact us
Yo, I'm at my parents' gettin cash. Good news: we picked up a downstem
Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy!
Ok. No wahala. Just remember that a friend in need ...
I will see in half an hour
Im in inperialmusic listening2the weirdest track ever byåÓleafcutter johnåÓ-sounds like insects being molested&someone plumbing,remixed by evil men on acid!
\Hey sorry I didntgive ya a a bellearlier hunny
SERIOUSLY. TELL HER THOSE EXACT WORDS RIGHT NOW.
Tee hee. Off to lecture, cheery bye bye.
Sorry chikku, my cell got some problem thts y i was nt able to reply u or msg u..
If you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number
Ok...
Let me know how to contact you. I've you settled in a room. Lets know you are ok.
Wot u up 2 u weirdo?
Can do lor...
Dont put your phone on silent mode ok
Can i meet Ì_ at 5.. As 4 where depends on where Ì_ wan 2 in lor..
Waiting 4 my tv show 2 start lor... U leh still busy doing ur report?
Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
Am I the only one who doesn't stalk profiles?
Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon \A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt"
Yes i thought so. Thanks.
But if she.s drinkin i'm ok.
Just wondering, the others just took off
Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
What do you do, my dog ? Must I always wait till the end of your day to have word from you ? Did you run out of time on your cell already?
Happy new year to u too!
Hey...Great deal...Farm tour 9am to 5pm $95/pax, $50 deposit by 16 May
Eat jap done oso aft ur lect wat... ÌÏ got lect at 12 rite... 
Hey babe! I saw you came online for a second and then you disappeared, what happened ?
Da my birthdate in certificate is in april but real date is today. But dont publish it. I shall give you a special treat if you keep the secret. Any way thanks for the wishes
Happy birthday... May all ur dreams come true...
Aiyah u did ok already lar. E nydc at wheellock?
TELL HER I SAID EAT SHIT.
Sure! I am driving but will reach my destination soon.
K so am I, how much for an 8th? Fifty?
Your daily text from me ‰ÛÒ a favour this time
Great to hear you are settling well. So what's happenin wit ola?
Those cocksuckers. If it makes you feel better ipads are worthless garbage novelty items and you should feel bad for even wanting one
I tot u reach liao. He said t-shirt.
FRAN I DECIDED 2 GO N E WAY IM COMPLETELY BROKE AN KNACKERED I GOT UP BOUT 3 C U 2MRW LOVE JANX P.S THIS IS MY DADS FONE, -NO CREDIT
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Your right! I'll make the appointment right now.
Designation is software developer and may be she get chennai:)
I jokin oni lar.. ÌÏ busy then i wun disturb Ì_.
Ok, be careful ! Don't text and drive !
I.ll always be there, even if its just in spirit. I.ll get a bb soon. Just trying to be sure i need it.
U r too much close to my heart. If u go away i will be shattered. Plz stay with me.
I love u 2 babe! R u sure everything is alrite. Is he being an idiot? Txt bak girlie
How abt making some of the pics bigger?
Got but got 2 colours lor. One colour is quite light n e other is darker lor. Actually i'm done she's styling my hair now.
Whenevr ur sad, Whenevr ur gray, Remembr im here 2 listn 2 watevr u wanna say, Jus walk wid me a little while,&amp; I promise I'll bring back ur smile.:-)
Why nothing. Ok anyway give me treat
Ok...
Correct. So how was work today
Just sent again. Do you scream and moan in bed, princess?
I wake up long ago already... Dunno, what other thing?
Oh just getting even with u.... u?
I thk 50 shd be ok he said plus minus 10.. Did Ì_ leave a line in between paragraphs?
Can you call me plz. Your number shows out of coveragd area. I have urgnt call in vasai &amp; have to reach before 4'o clock so call me plz
Yeah jay's sort of a fucking retard
Sorry, was in the bathroom, sup
My exam is for february 4. Wish you a great day.
I dont know what to do to come out of this so only am ask questions like this dont mistake me.
Aight no rush, I'll ask jay
Good Morning plz call me sir
It's ok lar. U sleep early too... Nite...
Oh... Icic... K lor, den meet other day...
Oh ! A half hour is much longer in Syria than Canada, eh ? Wow you must get SO much more work done in a day than us with all that extra time ! *grins*
Sometimes we put walls around our hearts,not just to be safe from getting hurt.. But to find out who cares enough to break the walls &amp; get closer.. GOODNOON:)
Sweet, we may or may not go to 4U to meet carlos so gauge patty's interest in that
Then she buying today? ÌÏ no need to c meh...
Aight sorry I take ten years to shower. What's the plan?
Every monday..nxt week vl be completing..
Might ax well im there.
Just chill for another 6hrs. If you could sleep the pain is not a surgical emergency so see how it unfolds. Okay
Yeah I'll try to scrounge something up
Crazy ar he's married. ÌÏ like gd looking guys not me. My frens like say he's korean leona's fave but i dun thk he is. Aft some thinking mayb most prob i'll go.
Were somewhere on Fredericksburg
Que pases un buen tiempo or something like that
Is it ok if I stay the night here? Xavier has a sleeping bag and I'm getting tired
She doesnt need any test.
Nothing much, chillin at home. Any super bowl plan?
Bugis oso near wat... 
Yo theres no class tmrw right?
Let Ur Heart Be Ur Compass Ur Mind Ur Map Ur Soul Ur Guide And U Will Never loose in world....gnun - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Goodnight, sleep well da please take care pa. Please.
Baaaaabe! I misss youuuuu ! Where are you ? I have to go and teach my class at 5 ...
Convey my regards to him
U ned to convince him tht its not possible witot hurting his feeling its the main
Good afternoon loverboy ! How goes you day ? Any luck come your way? I think of you, sweetie and send my love across the sea to make you smile and happy
If i start sending blackberry torch to nigeria will you find buyer for me?like 4a month. And tell dad not to buy bb from anyone oh.
&lt;#&gt; %of pple marry with their lovers... becz they hav gud undrstndng dat avoids problems. i sent dis 2 u, u wil get gud news on friday by d person you like. And tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Dont break this chain. If you break you will suffer. send this to  &lt;#&gt;  frnds in &lt;#&gt;  mins whn u read...
Yo dude guess who just got arrested the other day
Shuhui say change 2 suntec steamboat? U noe where? Where r u now?
What does the dance river do?
Yetunde, i'm sorry but moji and i seem too busy to be able to go shopping. Can you just please find some other way to get what you wanted us to get. Please forgive me. You can reply free via yahoo messenger.
Hey i will be really pretty late... You want to go for the lesson first? I will join you. I'm only reaching tp mrt
Bbq this sat at mine from 6ish. Ur welcome 2 come
I don't know, same thing that's wrong everyso often, he panicks starts goin on bout not bein good enough ‰Û_
Alright. I'm out--have a good night!
Did you try making another butt.
Hope you are feeling great. Pls fill me in. Abiola
I though we shd go out n have some fun so bar in town or something ‰ÛÒ sound ok?
1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  &lt;#&gt; . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
We're finally ready fyi
Auntie huai juan never pick up her phone
Ya tel, wats ur problem..
i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
We spend our days waiting for the ideal path to appear in front of us.. But what we forget is.. \paths are made by walking.. not by waiting..\" Goodnight!"
Its ok my arm is feeling weak cuz i got a shot so we can go another time
Please reserve ticket on saturday eve from chennai to thirunelvali and again from tirunelvali to chennai on sunday eve...i already see in net..no ticket available..i want to book ticket through tackle ..
Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say \HELLO\" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? \"Margaret Hello\" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person
That's ok. I popped in to ask bout something and she said you'd been in. Are you around tonght wen this girl comes?
All e best 4 ur exam later.
Hope ur head doesn't hurt 2 much ! Am ploughing my way through a pile of ironing ! Staying in with a chinky tonight come round if you like.
Oh k.i think most of wi and nz players unsold.
Haha... Where got so fast lose weight, thk muz go 4 a month den got effect... Gee,later we go aust put bk e weight.
I wonder how you got online, my love ? Had you gone to the net cafe ? Did you get your phone recharged ? Were you on a friends net ? I think of you, boytoy
Haha just kidding, papa needs drugs
Thk shld b can... Ya, i wana go 4 lessons... Haha, can go for one whole stretch...
Oh ok..
R we still meeting 4 dinner tonight?
Thats cool! I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
Shall i start from hear.
Then we wait 4 u lor... No need 2 feel bad lar...
No did you check? I got his detailed message now
You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
No, I decided that only people who care about stuff vote and caring about stuff is for losers
Kaiez... Enjoy ur tuition... Gee... Thk e second option sounds beta... I'll go yan jiu den msg u...
You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
cool. We will have fun practicing making babies!
Actually getting ready to leave the house.
K..k..any special today?
Then we gotta do it after that
I've got ten bucks, jay is being noncomittal
Where at were hungry too
Pls speak to that customer machan.
somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite &amp; sweet dreams
Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
So wats ur opinion abt him and how abt is character?
Jay is snickering and tells me that x is totally fucking up the chords as we speak
No..few hours before.went to hair cut .
No wonder... Cos i dun rem seeing a silver car... But i thk i saw a black one...
Lmao. Take a pic and send it to me.
\Speak only when you feel your words are better than the silence...\" Gud mrng:-)"
No. She's currently in scotland for that.
Do you work all this week ?
Lol great now im getting hungry.
Yes.. now only saw your message..
I'll be at mu in like  &lt;#&gt;  seconds
Ok...
THING R GOOD THANX GOT EXAMS IN MARCH IVE DONE NO REVISION? IS FRAN STILL WITH BOYF? IVE GOTTA INTERVIW 4 EXETER BIT WORRIED!x
Tell you what, if you make a little spreadsheet and track whose idea it was to smoke to determine who \smokes too much\" for the entire month of february
Don't look back at the building because you have no coat and i don't want you to get more sick. Just hurry home and wear a coat to the gym!!!
My painful personal thought- \I always try to keep everybody happy all the time. But nobody recognises me when i am alone\""
Thanks for ve lovely wisheds. You rock
You intrepid duo you! Have a great time and see you both soon. 
I asked sen to come chennai and search for job.
Dad went out oredi... 
I jus hope its true that  missin me cos i'm really missin him! You haven't done anything to feel guilty about, yet.
Wat so late still early mah. Or we juz go 4 dinner lor. Aiya i dunno...
Arms fine, how's Cardiff and uni? 
In fact when do you leave? I think addie goes back to school tues or wed
Cool breeze... Bright sun... Fresh flower... Twittering birds... All these waiting to wish u: \GOODMORNING &amp; HAVE A NICE DAY\" :)"
Ya:)going for restaurant..
Its ok., i just askd did u knw tht no?
Those ducking chinchillas
I am in a marriage function
Looks like u wil b getting a headstart im leaving here bout 2.30ish but if u r desperate for my company I could head in earlier-we were goin to meet in rummer.
Don‰Û÷t give a flying monkeys wot they think and I certainly don‰Û÷t mind. Any friend of mine and all that!
say thanks2. 
Msg me when rajini comes.
Ya! when are Ì_ taking ure practical lessons? I start in june..  
That's good, because I need drugs
Stupid.its not possible
Can Ì_ all decide faster cos my sis going home liao..
U sleeping now.. Or you going to take? Haha.. I got spys wat.. Me online checking n replying mails lor..
Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
Yalru lyfu astne chikku.. Bt innu mundhe lyf ali halla ke bilo (marriage)program edhae, so lyf is nt yet ovr chikku..ali vargu lyfu meow meow:-D
Kinda. First one gets in at twelve! Aah. Speak tomo
Ok good then i later come find Ì_... C lucky i told Ì_ to go earlier... Later pple take finish Ì_ no more again...
Wat makes u thk i'll fall down. But actually i thk i'm quite prone 2 falls. Lucky my dad at home i ask him come n fetch me already.
Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your Transaction ID is KR &lt;#&gt; .
I wont touch you with out your permission.
7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st \Ur Lovely Friendship\"... good morning dear"
Take some small dose tablet for fever
Oh. U must have taken your REAL Valentine out shopping first.
Just sent you an email ‰ÛÒ to an address with incomm in it, is that right?
Will do, you gonna be at blake's all night? I might be able to get out of here a little early
Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn\'t start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e
Nice. Wait...should you be texting right now? I'm not gonna pay your ticket, ya know!
I'm watching lotr w my sis dis aft. So u wan 2 meet me 4 dinner at nite a not?
Why you keeping me away like this
I think its far more than that but find out. Check google maps for a place from your dorm.
My trip was ok but quite tiring lor. Uni starts today but it's ok 4 me cos i'm not taking any modules but jus concentrating on my final yr project.
Have you always been saying welp?
I'm a guy, browsin is compulsory
Ok...
Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu
Sorry, I'll call later
(I should add that I don't really care and if you can't I can at least get this dude to fuck off but hey, your money if you want it)
Hello lover! How goes that new job? Are you there now? Are you happy? Do you think of me? I wake, my slave and send you a teasing kiss from across the sea
I told your number to gautham..
Tell them no need to investigate about me anywhere.
Ok i juz receive..
Cant believe i said so many things to you this morning when all i really wanted to say was good morning, i love you! Have a beautiful morning. See you in the library later.
In the end she might still vomit but its okay. Not everything will come out.
How are you with moneY...as in to you...money aint a thing....how are you sha!
It has everything to do with the weather. Keep extra warm. Its a cold but nothing serious. Pls lots of vitamin c
Hey gals.. Anyone of u going down to e driving centre tmr?
I'm always on yahoo messenger now. Just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. And will reply.
I'm putting it on now. It should be ready for  &lt;TIME&gt; 
Time n Smile r the two crucial things in our life. Sometimes time makes us to forget smile, and sometimes someone's smile makes us to forget time gud noon
Host-based IDPS for linux systems.
Don no da:)whats you plan?
Ill be there on  &lt;#&gt;  ok.
Oh my God. I'm almost home
Total video converter free download type this in google search:)
Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
Sounds like something that someone testing me would sayy
When u love someone Dont make them to love u as much as u do. But Love them so much that they dont want to be loved by anyone except you... Gud nit.
Pete,is this your phone still? Its Jenny from college and Leanne.what are you up to now?:)
Oops sorry. Just to check that you don't mind picking me up tomo at half eight from station. Would that be ok?
Hey sweet, I was wondering when you had a moment if you might come to me ? I want to send a file to someone but it won't go over yahoo for them because their connection sucks, remember when you set up that page for me to go to and download the format disc ? Could you tell me how to do that ? Or do you know some other way to download big files ? Because they can download stuff directly from the internet. Any help would be great, my prey ... *teasing kiss*
Hows the champ just leaving glasgow!
K:)all the best:)congrats...
I wonder if you'll get this text?
I need to come home and give you some good lovin...
Shall i ask one thing if you dont mistake me.
Check wid corect speling i.e. Sarcasm
Are you angry with me. What happen dear
I thk u dun haf 2 hint in e forum already lor... Cos i told ron n darren is going 2 tell shuhui.
Yup ok thanx...
Hi:)cts employee how are you?
Pls pls find out from aunt nike.
Wow ... I love you sooo much, you know ? I can barely stand it ! I wonder how your day goes and if you are well, my love ... I think of you and miss you
No screaming means shouting..
Hey what happen de. Are you alright.
Should I have picked up a receipt or something earlier
I think chennai well settled?
Oh dang! I didn't mean o send that to you! Lol!
Unfortunately i've just found out that we have to pick my sister up from the airport that evening so don't think i'll be going out at all. We should try to go out one of th
Horrible bf... I now v hungry...
Remember on that day..
How's it feel? Mr. Your not my real Valentine just my yo Valentine even tho u hardly play!!
All sounds good. Fingers . Makes it difficult to type
Midnight at the earliest
You're not sure that I'm not trying to make xavier smoke because I don't want to smoke after being told I smoke too much?
K come to nordstrom when you're done
Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg.. Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. GOODNIGHT &amp; HAVE A NICE SLEEP..SWEET DREAMS..
Now press conference da:)
After completed degree. There is no use in joining finance.
Good afternoon, my love ! Any job prospects ? Are you missing me ? What do you do ? Are you being lazy and bleak, hmmm ? Or happy and filled with my love ?
Shant disturb u anymore... Jia you...
Bishan lar nearer... No need buy so early cos if buy now i gotta park my car...
Me, i dont know again oh
Dude sux for snake. He got old and raiden got buff
He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
In e msg jus now. U said thanks for gift.
U too...
Ok how you dear. Did you call chechi
Yeah we do totes. When u wanna?
Ok i found dis pierre cardin one which looks normal costs 20 its on sale.
Good sleep is about rhythm. The person has to establish a rhythm that the body will learn and use. If you want to know more :-)
Wat r u doing?
Message from . I am at Truro Hospital on ext. You can phone me here. as I have a phone by my side
Single line with a big meaning::::: \Miss anything 4 ur \"Best Life\" but
Just got some gas money, any chance you and the gang want to go on a grand nature adventure?
Dnt worry...use ice pieces in a cloth pack.also take 2 tablets.
Dude just saw a parked car with its sunroof popped up. Sux
Get ready to put on your excellent sub face :)
Tmrw. Im finishing 9 doors
The  &lt;#&gt; g that i saw a few days ago, the guy wants sell wifi only for  &lt;#&gt;  and with 3g for  &lt;#&gt; . That's why i blanked him.
I am late. I will be there at
whatever, im pretty pissed off.
Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
I dont have that much image in class.
No:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
Near kalainar tv office.thenampet
My sis is catching e show in e afternoon so i'm not watching w her. So c u wan 2 watch today or tmr lor.
Sounds gd... Haha... Can... Wah, u yan jiu so fast liao...
No. To be nosy I guess. Idk am I over reacting if I'm freaked?
Remember all those whom i hurt during days of satanic imposter in me.need to pay a price,so be it.may destiny keep me going and as u said pray that i get the mind to get over the same.
How to Make a girl Happy? It's not at all difficult to make girls happy. U only need to be... 1. A friend 2. Companion 3. Lover 4. Chef . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Good listener  &lt;#&gt; . Organizer  &lt;#&gt; . Good boyfriend  &lt;#&gt; . Very clean  &lt;#&gt; . Sympathetic  &lt;#&gt; . Athletic  &lt;#&gt; . Warm . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Courageous  &lt;#&gt; . Determined  &lt;#&gt; . True  &lt;#&gt; . Dependable  &lt;#&gt; . Intelligent . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Psychologist  &lt;#&gt; . Pest exterminator  &lt;#&gt; . Psychiatrist  &lt;#&gt; . Healer . .  &lt;#&gt; . Stylist  &lt;#&gt; . Driver . . Aaniye pudunga venaam..
Why is that, princess? I bet the brothas are all chasing you!
I shall book chez jules for half eight, if that's ok with you?
Hhahhaahahah rofl wtf nig was leonardo in your room or something
Yep, at derek's house now, see you Sunday &lt;3
It's cool, let me know before it kicks off around  &lt;#&gt; , I'll be out and about all day
Sorry, I'll call later
I was wondering if it would be okay for you to call uncle john and let him know that things are not the same in nigeria as they r here. That  &lt;#&gt;  dollars is 2years sent and that you know its a strain but i plan to pay back every dime he gives. Every dime so for me to expect anything from you is not practical. Something like that.
There are no other charges after transfer charges and you can withdraw anyhow you like
Dont search love, let love find U. Thats why its called falling in love, bcoz U dont force yourself, U just fall and U know there is smeone to hold U... BSLVYL
At 4. Let's go to bill millers
I love you. You set my soul on fire. It is not just a spark. But it is a flame. A big rawring flame. XoXo
Somewhr someone is surely made 4 u. And God has decided a perfect time to make u meet dat person. . . . till den, . . . . . Enjoy ur crushes..!!!;-)
That's my honeymoon outfit. :)
Will it help if we propose going back again tomorrow
Never blame a day in ur life. Good days give u happiness. Bad days give u experience. Both are essential in life! All are Gods blessings! good morning.:
Pls confirm the time to collect the cheque.
Daddy will take good care of you :)
Yeah probably, I still gotta check out with leo
K.then any other special?
Carlos is taking his sweet time as usual so let me know when you and patty are done/want to smoke and I'll tell him to haul ass
Ok pa. Nothing problem:-)
Have you heard about that job? I'm going to that wildlife talk again tonight if u want2come. Its that2worzels and a wizzle or whatever it is?! 
God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,THIS FRIEND IS 4U
When you came to hostel.
Ok no prob... I'll come after lunch then...
Jus telling u dat i'll b leaving 4 shanghai on 21st instead so we'll haf more time 2 meet up cya...